>> Speaker 1: Let me
take just a moment and
let me talk about Narwhal and
the Narwhal workspace.
Usually I will typically call it a Warwhal
workspace, in some cases like monorepo
has some negative connotations even though
you have some very, very large companies.
Google being one of
the biggest ones using this.
That this is,
I'm gonna take strictly from how I feel
Angular applications should be built.
That your component has
two responsibilities,
consuming just enough data
to satisfy the template.
And capturing user events and delegating
that upwards to the application.
So I cannot tell you how many times I've
been called to do an architecture review
on a client's project, and they have very
fat controllers or component classes.
Where it's just doing tons and
tons of stuff.
Your components are,
the classes are hundreds of lines long and
it's a very lopsided application.
That your components should be
very thin and do those two things.
So, when you delegate something up or
when you pull data down,
where is that coming from?
So that needs to come from a service
layer, from a state management library.
And that does not necessarily need to
exist in your front-end application.
Or the piece that is specific
to what the user is seeing and
experiencing and touching.
And so by moving those pieces into a lib,
you can now share that
same state management, that same business
logic across multiple applications.
And so, a very common use case is
that you might have a dashboard
with a lot of stuff that's
doing some complex things.
But then you need to surface just a subset
of this, like maybe it's a dashboard or
it's a mobile app.
Well, by separating your business
logic and your functionality,
your state management into a lib,
you can then spin up a new application.
So let's say like dashboard widget.
And then most of the work is still done,
you just have to build out your
visual layer or your UI layer.
And so this is, I believe,
a really handy way to start to separate
out the pieces that you can use, your core
business logic, your state management.
And then keep the pieces that
you cannot use very, very thin.
Now if you talk to, for instance,
Jeff Cross or Vitrus Afkin or
Thomas Brulsin from Narwhal,
they're going to talk about enterprise
collaboration with teams and sharing
updates across everything, and I agree.
But for me personally,
having really thin components,
with everything else abstracted out to
a lib, I believe is really critical for,
one, having reusable front-end
stuff that people can use.
And then stable kind of core pieces of
logic that you're not having to recreate
over and over and over.
>> Speaker 1: All right,
and so now we have our app.
Let's hop back in and, well, I need to
do some housekeeping here real quick,
before I forget.
So if we look in the resources folder,
there is a style sheet.
And I believe I can just paste this in.
And I should have deleted the other
one first, I'll click that.
>> Speaker 1: We rename this back to,
there we go.
And then let's take this assets folder.
Really I just need these two
pictures here, so it's the logo and
the background image.
And we'll paste these into assets,
all right.
Now that that's done, let's use the CLI
to start to build some of this out.
So, as I was practicing for this workshop,
I was able to generate pretty
much most of the entire file structure and
all of the pieces from the CLI.
We'll do this in stages, but
the CLI is really, really,
really fantastic for generating.
And scaffolding out the shape of
an application very, very quickly.
And we'll see that in just a moment.
Unfortunately, when,
>> Speaker 1: Pour Sass pretty
processor konks out, that's kind
of time to restart it, all right.
>> Speaker 1: And
if we go back into the Wiki.
So I will mention this.
So I showed you the snippets here.
And we'll us these, so
I hop back and forth to copy these.
But if you go to up and running.
This is pretty much the commands that I'm
going to run if you want to follow along.
I only took it out to up and running and
the basic Angular CLI commands because
from there, all bets are off, but
I do know the basic structure that I want.
And so this is kinda where we are at.
So, I mean I will probably flush this out
as this starts to kind of take shape which
is fun, but if anybody wants to like
what command did you just type in there,
what just happened, etc.